# Agenda SEM Group 18c Meeting 05/12/2023

* Location: Flux Hall A
* Date: Tu 5th Dec 2023
* Time: 14:00-15:30
* Attendees:
  * Andrei Ştefan (Minute taker)
  * Charlene Bakker (Chair :chair:)
  * Prisha Meswani
  * Simona Lupşa
  * Vlad Alexan
  * Vlad Graure
  
## Talking points
* [14:00] Opening by Chair.
* [14:00-14:02] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
* [14:02-14:20] Check if everyone went through the updated Lab Manual.
  * Possibly go through the updated Lab Manual together.
* [14:20-14:40] Work on Task 1 of the W4 objectives.
  * Possibly provide feedback on the other two teams OpenAPI Specification.
* [14:40-14:55] Work on Task 2 of the W4 objectives.
  * Complete setup of the project.
* [14:55-15:10] Discuss the progress of the first sprint iteration.
* [15:10-15:15] Update our GitLab Wiki according to the Lab Manual clause 5.6.
* [15:15-15:30] Discuss BuddyCheck assignment.
* [15:30] Closure by Chair
