# Agenda SEM Group 18c Meeting 21/11/2023

* Location: Flux Hall A
* Date: Tu 21st Nov 2023
* Time: 14:00 -15:00
* Attendees:
  * Andrei Ştefan
  * Charlene Bakker (Minute taker)
  * Prisha Meswani
  * Simona Lupşa
  * Vlad Alexan
  * Vlad Graure (Chair :chair:)
  
## Talking points
* [14:00] Opening by Chair.
* [14:00-14:02] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
* [14:02-14:05] Checking that everybody has a working development environment.
  * Check that everyone's git is working;
  * Check that everyone's template project is working;
* [14:05-14:10] Discuss the lab manual.
* [14:10-14:20] Making the final changes to the requirements plan.
* [14:20-14:30] Translate the requirements into issues on GitLab.
  * Provide a clear description of the issues;
  * Estimate the difficulty of the tasks in hours;
  * Classify the issues using labels;
* [14:30-14:50] Discuss the API specifications and start drafting a first version.
* [14:50-15:00] Plan the first sprint.
  * Create the milestone on GitLab;
  * Assign tasks for everyone;
* [15:00] Closure by Chair
