# Agenda SEM Group 18c Meeting 28/11/2023

* Location: Flux Hall A
* Date: Tu 28st Nov 2023
* Time: 14:00 -15:00
* Attendees:
  * Andrei Ştefan
  * Charlene Bakker 
  * Prisha Meswani (Chair :chair:)
  * Simona Lupşa
  * Vlad Alexan
  * Vlad Graure (Minute taker)
  
## Talking points
* [14:00] Opening by Chair.
* [14:00-14:02] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
* [14:02-14:20] Finalizing the OpenAPI Specifications.
  * Check for any changes/corrections to be made.
  * Last minute additions, if any.
* [14:20-14:35] Work on Task 3 of the W3 objectives.
  * Write descriptions of each member's assigned feature.
* [14:35-15:40] Discuss the integration of the microservices.
  * Verify the other teams have the services required for the communication of our services to theirs.
* [14:40-15:58] Discuss the progress of the first sprint itertation.
* [14:58-15:00] Ensure we have completed everything for this week's mandatory deadline.
* [15:00] Closure by Chair
