# Minutes Meeting 09/01/2024

- Location: Flux Hall A
- Date: Tue 9th Jan 2024
- Time: 14:00-15:30
- Attendees:
  - Andrei Ştefan (Chair)
  - Charlene Bakker
  - Prisha Meswani (Minute taker)
  - Simona Lupşa
  - Vlad Alexan
  - Vlad Graure

## Talking points

- [14:00] Opening by Chair.
- [14:00-14:02] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
- [14:02-14:20] Go over the implementations that took place over the winter break and talk through the changes made.
- [14:20-14:50] Go through week 7 of the lab manual:
  - Discuss about using PIT to improve the test suite and documenting the changes in the final report.
  - Take a look together using MetricsTree at the quality of the code and agree on what to improve.
- [14:50-15:15] Continue discussions about the final report.
  - Check our current work and split what we can do right now between the members of the team.
- [15:20-15:30] Decide on what issues we will continue to implement.
  - Split the remaining issues between the members of the team and add more if necessary.
- [15:30] Closure by Chair

**Decisions**
- Do more refactoring according to the metric tools.
- Continue implementing current issues, so we can meet the project deadline.
- Start working on the final report.

**Notes**
- Remarks from the TA:
  - They will share more information about the integration of the microservices, and how to do it,
  in the next few days.
  - We can modify the API if needed and it is not impacting other microservices.
- Everyone should fill in the Sprint Retrospectives (on WhatsApp) according to what issues 
they have worked on.
- 