**Minutes Meeting 21/11/23**

**Location:** Flux Hall A

**Date:** 21/11/2023

**Time:** 13:00-15:00

**Meeting participants:**

-   Vlad Alexan

-   Vlad Graure

-   Simona Lupsa

-   Prisha Meswani

-   Andrei Stefan

-   Charlene Bakker

**Group:** 18c

**Minute taker:**

-   Charlene Bakker

**What did we do:**

-   Created issues according to the requirements

    -   Created subtasks inside the issues

-   Created an issue board with the *Musts*, *Shoulds* etc.

-   Discussed and started on the OpenAPI specification draft

-   Checked that everyone\'s project is running locally

**Notes:**

-   Plan the issues in milestones as weekly sprints
