# Minutes Meeting 19/12/23

**Location:** Flux Hall A
**Date:** 19/12/2023
**Time:** 14:00-16:00
**Group:** 18c
**Meeting participants:**

-   Vlad Alexan (chair)
-   Vlad Graure (minute-taker)
-   Simona Lupsa
-   Prisha Meswani
-   Andrei Stefan
-   Charlene Bakker

## Talking points
* [14:00] Opening by Chair.
* [14:00-14:02] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
* [14:02-14:20] Check if everyone is up-to-date with the implementation of their features.
  * Clarify any possible difficulties.
* [14:20-14:50] Decide on a design pattern to follow.
  * Look over the Design Patterns lecture together and decide on at least one.
* [14:50-15:15] Discus about the final report.
  * Check what the final report should encompass and decide on what we can already start with.
* [15:15-15:20] Discuss the progress of the second sprint iteration.
* [15:20-15:30] Decide on what issues we will continue to implement.
  * Split the remaining issues between the members of the team and add more if necessary.
* [15:30] Closure by Chair

**Decisions**

- We looked on all feasible design patterns to implement and decided to implement the Chain of Responsibility design pattern for the books controller
- We decided we will not do the low priority issues
- The next sprint will span the entire holiday
- Start working on the Wiki page

**Notes:**

- The TA approved the design pattern we suggested
  - first filter: make sure the caller has an appropriate authority
  - second filter: if an author, make sure they are the author of the book
- We should do the sprint retrospective after each sprint
- The sprint is going good
- Do more refactoring to ensure good code quality